hey guys was up to judge skills here and
basically like maybe three four days ago
I tried to log onto moonscape I couldn't
login then you know first thing that
came to mind like man I'm pretty sure
somebody hacked me but and that's what
happened I just got my account back like
a few hours ago and I just checked my
bank all almost just like pretty much
done so basically I was just showing you
guys was to love to my bank or what's in
there so just want to let you guys know
that I don't know if I really be playing
anymore is really not even fun plan
because it's like you put in years the
months of hard work on to your account
and then you know you just got like a
little bitch ass niggas just sitting out
you know ok they do attack I really
don't know who did it I kind of have a
few people in mind because I did have a
couple of enemies and whatnot but you
know is a game I really don't care is
not like his real life shit anyways you
know it is what it is and basically I'm
just gonna show you guys my bank and
that you can that be added I'm thinking
about maybe just you're all making a
second channel on something show you
guys some in real life is because I'm a
really pissed right about now but you
know I'm also doing other things in real
life I just found a promotional I
manager contract to go Crowell & boxing
because I used to be really good at
boxing at one point in time and if you
guys want to see you in real life is to
them maybe I do some of those and um
show me likes farm working out stuff
like that I don't know but basically
this is the video I don't even really
know if I want to play rooms day baby
we're all shit they love my chaotic
rapier you know not Revere but the mall
I'm just like really frustrated right
now I really can't even think straight
because I'm like I don't even know how
to fuck that happen but you
I fuck this even happen but basically
they ran check my shit so I'm pretty
much ain't got shit in here but just
fucking junk there's all that basically
it was drunk but the chaotic maul
everything else basically junk and I
don't even know seriously I don't you
know you know I think it's just some you
know real lame gasps shit and I don't
know don't even know if I want you to
play this shit anymore but if you guys
want to make want me to make a second
channel on something and basically you
know just do something real life is you
know let me know if not you know I want
you to do it but this is basically my
bank you know and first off you know
like i said i was catching some some hay
basically just for you know doing things
like drop parties or you know people
just saying oh man you thank you you
know you think you're cool whatever
really I really Denver fire or try to
retaliate on a lot of that shit is no
ring reason to you know because it's
just you know people get you know
anybody can sound tough behind a
computer a laptop but you know if you
need a person face to face then you know
they deign about work shit anyways and
there's all they got is um what an
account some some fake money i guess you
can trade it for real money but
basically you know people you know they
sound real tough is you know I don't get
it you know people just sit around and
they don't have anything better to do
but you know heck or fish people or
anything like that so you know basically
I got you know clean by hacker and you
know it is what it is you know I mean he
does good fight you know I had about
three bills bank the bank recently just
got like four tour was just just like a
few days ago
no earlier this week and I mean it was
all it was cool i hadn't even get a
chance to use it i was going to use it
for PK vid and everything but all that
shit's gone out so you know basically I
don't even know about you feel like you
planning shit anymore so um what what
else is there to say you know I'm just
really you know I just really fucked
fucking just blown away by the shit
right up right now he's really gay so if
you guys think I should just do in real
life China or something like that none
none runescape shit you know so let me
know if not you know I don't know if I'm
willing to even try to even play this
shit anymore just fucking lame you know
just you know know that you know you can
do a lot of hard work do all this shit
and you know people just sit around and
just fucking hacking fish and shit like
that I and honestly I really don't even
know how to fuck it happen that's the
bad part about this I don't even think I
click on any links or anything like that
so is just I don't know all right guys
whatever you know I guess I update you
guys some other time sometimes just bout
to go to bandages reviews there's just a
lot